Who says it's easy for me?
The old man heard him yell that he was
going to kill his father in his own words.
He's telling us he did it.
The kid said he was going to
kill him and he did kill him.
End of story.
We don't owe him anything.
The kid's a killer.
I've listened to words all week,
the prosecutor,
the defense attorney,
the witnesses.
The judge and don't tell me you're
taking this kid's testimony seriously,
he's a born liar. All his kind are.
She stood in the courtroom and
she said she saw it plain as day.
Why would she lie?
You're a pretty smart fellow, aren't you?
Who made you so wise?
What are you, the kid's guardian Angel?
He's got nothing. The woman wouldn't lie.